What does it take to find the right flatmate in
a city like Bangalore?
360 FlatMates is a Flutter mobile app built to
solve exactly that problem.
Connecting people through compatible
living arrangements.
Users can browse listings, swipe through
potential flatmates based on lifestyle compatibility,
chat in real time, and schedule property visits.
It turns the often chaotic process of finding a
flatmate into something structured and human.
The tech stack is modern Flutter with Riverpod
for state management, GoRouter for navigation,
Supabase for authentication, and a Dio-based
networking layer connecting to a FastAPI backend.
On startup, the app initializes Firebase,
Supabase, and local storage through a ProviderScope.
The router checks authentication status and routes
users to login, onboarding, or the home feed.
The home feed shows listings as horizontal cards
with a search bar and filter chips.
The Swipe feature uses a card deck with
compatibility scoring.
The Chat system uses Supabase realtime for live
messages with an SSE fallback.
Property owners use a seven step wizard to
list their flats.
Interested users can schedule visits through a
calendar picker with time slots.
A terracotta accent anchors the palette with
paper and ink scales for backgrounds and text.
Three palette options plus full dark mode support.
A server-sent events service maintains a persistent
connection to the backend.
When events arrive like a new match or new message,
the event router invalidates Riverpod providers.
The architecture follows a feature-first pattern.
Each feature has its own controller and pages.
Business logic lives in controllers, not widgets.
The codebase has about 70,000 lines of Dart across
14 feature modules and 18 reusable widgets.
Localization available in English and Hindi.
This covers the key parts: product purpose, tech
stack, startup flow, features, design system,
realtime infrastructure, and architecture layers.
The full documentation is available in the wiki.